adding note about "Force Strict Encryption" (#8762)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/security/networking/tds-8-and-tls-1-3.md

In order to prevent a man-in-the-middle attack with `strict` connection encryption, users won't be able to set the `TrustServerCertificate` option to **true** and trust any certificate the server provided. Instead, users would use the `HostNameInCertificate` option to specify the certificate that should be trusted. The certificate supplied by the server would need to pass the certificate validation.

> [!NOTE]  

> > The `Force Strict Encryption` option in SQL Server Network Configuration forces all clients to use `strict` as the encryption type. Any clients or features without the `strict` connection encryption fail to connect to SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Force Strict Encryption` option added with TDS 8.0 in SQL Server Network Configuration forces all clients to use `strict` as the encryption type. Any clients or features without the `strict` connection encryption fail to connect to SQL Server.
```

> > The `Force Strict Encryption` option in SQL Server Network Configuration will force all clients to use `strict` as the encryption type. Any clients or features that don't use `strict` connection encryption fails to connect to SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Force Strict Encryption` option in SQL Server Network Configuration forces all clients to use `strict` as the encryption type. Any clients or features without the `strict` connection encryption fail to connect to SQL Server.
```

> 

> > The following is a list of features or tools that may not work with `strict` connection encryption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following is a list of features or tools that still use previous version of drivers that don't support TDS 8.0, and as such, may not work with the `strict` connection encryption:
```

> > The following is a list of features or tools that may not work with the `strict` connection encryption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following is a list of features or tools that may not work with `strict` connection encryption:
```

> > The following features or tools are some example that does not work with the `strict` connection encryption:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following is a list of features or tools that may not work with the `strict` connection encryption:
```

> > - AlwaysOn Failover Cluster Instance (FCI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Always On failover cluster instance (FCI)
```

> > - AlwaysOn Availability Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Always On availability group
```

> > - Always On availability group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Always On availability groups
```
